commit new template (#323)
yihui/xaringan: NEWS.md

## NEW FEATURES

- Initial CRAN release. See the documentation at https://slides.yihui.org/xaringan/

> - added a new template 'glasgow_template' according to the U of Glasgow colors

Reviewer: The news item needs to be added to the top of this file.

```suggestion
- Added a new theme `glasgow` according to the U of Glasgow colors (thanks, @svd09, #323).
```
